WOMAN: How's he gonna improve
when you always stick him on the bench?
I don't always stick him
on the bench.
Not once
have you made him a starting player.
And he's got the quality to start.
He was a JV powerhouse.
This isn't JV. No offense, ma'am,
but Lamar is a sophomore.
I think he's got a great shot, but...
His brother was the same way.
You didn't want him to start...
...and then I had to nag and nag you,
and then you did.
- If he hadn't broken his leg...
- Excuse me...
...but we're gonna have
to continue this conversation later.
Thanks for your interest.
Need some help?
JEMMA: No, not really. I know how to do it.
Thanks, though.
I mean...
...not unless you're some sort of expert.
I'm not an expert,
but I'd be glad to help you.
No fun to be changing a tire
out in the rain, right?
JEMMA:
Do you like rescuing damsels in distress?
This is my first time.
Hm. So why did you stop?
If you were some fat-ass truck driver,
I might have kept driving.
I think there's a compliment
deep in there somewhere.
RAY:
Yeah.
Yeah, there probably is.
Okay.
You hungry?
There's a little café up the road.
You wanna get some lunch?
JEMMA:
Oh, God!
She didn't like it.
- What do you mean?
- She didn't like it so much.
What? You know what this is?
This is like when you go
to a restaurant, eat...
...and then you pretend
there's a hair in the food.
Can't hit a home run every time.
Nobody else complained.
They think I've done a fucking excellent job.
Would you try to understand the customer?
The customer is always first.
Lenore said this woman has had a string...
...of really bad relationships.
- So?
So what happened
was more of a male fantasy...
...and what she wanted
was more of a female fantasy.
- More female?
- Yeah, well, that's the way it goes.
- She's our third customer.
- I thought I was supposed to fuck her.
Next time, make her feel
like it's about her mind...
...not just her body.
She wants to book me again?
Yeah, she wants a rewrite.
She'll pay for it.
You mean a do-over?
You need any help?
Not really.
I mean, unless you're an expert.
You know, I realize...
...I don't even know your name.
- Jemma. Yours?
- Randall.
And do you have a career or a job?
- I'm gonna guess a career.
- Yeah, that's right, a career.
What kind of career?
I'm a book editor.
Really? I was a comparative-lit. Major.
What kind of books?
Good books.
I go for quality.
I don't give a shit if it's a bestseller.
I go for the kind of arty books
that move readers.
That's great, Randall. I really...
I really admire people like you.
I'm a total sellout.
I work for an ad department.
But, you know, at least I get
to meet people like you...
...who follow their dreams.
Do you wanna go to a movie sometime?
Thank you.
Part of me would love to,
but I do have a boyfriend.
- A boyfriend?
- Yeah.
I should go meet him now.
- What do you mean? Now?
- Actually, it is now. I'm sorry.
It's...
It was so great to meet you.
- Yeah.
- Thanks for fixing my flat. That was sweet.
My pleasure.
She said she has a boyfriend.
He probably doesn't exist.
Don't you get it?
She has a bruised heart.
That's what she said in the interview.
- Men let her down.
- Women let me down.
But we're not talking about you.
You're not paying.
She wanted to meet you
by the side of the road.
But my guess is,
she was looking for a connection...
...at least for a few moments.
The fantasy of meeting a total stranger...
...and wondering if it might be destiny.
God, you were supposed to stop her
from leaving, Ray.
- Barf.
- Could you stop snorting with derision?
Fine, I'll pretend I'm madly
in love with this freak.
You might not get another chance.
She might not call again.
Okay, fine. It's no skin off our back.
We'll find somebody else.
We don't have anyone else yet.
And Jemma pays great.
RAY:
That was the thing about Jemma:
She paid great.
DAMON: Why did Ronnie choose this place?
It's really dingy.
JESSICA:
What's wrong with a delicious buffet?
That's not crab.
It's imitation crab.
I prefer it.
It's cleaner and healthier.
- Safer for the environment.
- Is the shrimp real?
There's no such thing
as fake shrimp, Darb.
- Here. Just eat it. You'll like it.
- Mom, even the hush puppies suck.
- Something wrong?
- Nothing, Ron.
Just blah, blah, blah
from the peanut gallery.
That's a swan.
Here's the thing, kids.
We're not made of money anymore.
Oh, well, it's not that big of a deal.
It just means
that sometimes we eat at the steakhouse...
...and other times at the $3.99 buffet.
- We shake it up.
RONNIE: No more luxuries.
- That's what we're trying to say.
- Important luxuries...
...ones that really matter, those we keep.
- So you're not rich anymore?
- Correct.
Come on, Ronnie.
We're still rich. We're just not as rich.
Point is, we don't feel as rich.
Not super rich like before.
But you still have some money?
We lost a lot of money
in the stock market.
Times are tough. We just happened
to land in the danger zone.
Okay, but we don't have to call it
the danger zone. It's a temporary setback.
Besides, all that money
was on paper anyway.
- So it's all in your mind?
- I wish.
Which brings us to the car.
RAY: It's not that I wanted
to compete with Jessica...
...or benefit from her misfortune,
but I had a little extra money for once.
Not a whole lot, but enough
to hire a couple of guys to help me out...
...and for a couple
of quality T-bone steaks.
Twenty bucks each, and I didn't
give a crap. Damn straight.
RAY: Darby, darling.
- Thank you.
Go on, tell us how it is, Darb.
- All right, Damon.
- Thank you.
Here you go, pal.
All right, how's the steak?
- Cooked them pretty good, huh?
DAMON: It's good, Dad.
RAY:
So...
...Ronnie lost a lot of money, huh?
That's what he says.
Boy, your mom
must be real disappointed.
Yeah.
Ronnie was a real rock.
Who would have guessed?
DARBY: Yeah, well,
he's not gonna buy us a car anymore.
DAMON:
What do you care?
Why don't you just get Hammer
to drive you around?
Damon, why are you so up his butt?
RAY:
When the kids brought up the car...
...I don't know, maybe it was the divorce,
or maybe I was just a jackass.
I felt bold. The twins were turning 16.
You know...
...just because Ronnie can't buy you
a car doesn't mean I can't.
We gotta up our game, Tanya.
If she doesn't love it next time,
I'll do her for free.
Now that I know what she wants,
I'll deliver. Satisfaction guaranteed.
TANYA: I don't think you're capable
of understanding her.
Jemma strikes me as highly complex.
I just promised my kids a car.
You just leave
all that highly-complex stuff to me.
TANYA:
This is my version of a preacher cookie.
Preacher cookies get their name
from the idea...
...that if a preacher knocks
on your door unexpectedly...
...you can cook these up
in a few minutes.
And my inspiration was to put a little piece
of psalm inside each one.
Maybe to attract a church market.
Well, it certainly is generous of Tanya...
...to host our gathering
and bake us a sample, isn't it?
Does anyone else have a final prototype
they'd like to share?
Well, if you'd like to e-mail me,
I'm always available for commentary.
And even though our class
is officially ending...
...perhaps some of you are ready
for the next step.
That's right.
If you are ready to believe in yourself...
...and your abilities
on a whole new level...
...it's time to sign up
for How to Become a Millionaire part two.
Now, who's ready to take that step?
Who has the courage?
Raise your hand
if you want an application.
When you've been in the business
of money creation...
...for as long as I have, Tanya,
nothing is surprising.
Some people don't have mental fortitude.
It's as if their brain has polio...
...and they're trapped
in an iron lung of the mind, see?
They can't become millionaires.
They can't get a fancy car like I have...
...because, essentially,
they can't make the leap upstairs mentally.
I think most people
wanted to take part two...
...but they couldn't afford it.
Why don't I have more students like you?
What makes you so different,
Tanya Skagle?
Why don't you ask my mother?
[LAUGHING]
Touché.
- Now, do you have your checkbook?
- My checkbook?
Yeah, I recommend you go ahead
and secure your space.
Sometimes part two in particular
can fill up like a flash flood.
My only hesitation is, I was thinking...
...that I might wanna take part two
next time.
Well, why ever
would you do that?
Well, I wanna sign up,
it's just the class isn't cheap, right?
Well, then why did you say,
"Count me in?"
I was trying to be supportive.
Well, swell. That'll be great. Yeah.
It's not what I recommend, but...
...you can lead a horse to water,
that sort of thing.
Is your Jaguar a rental?
Need any help?
I don't give a rat's ass
if it's a bestseller, you know?
That's just how I like to roll
with the books in my area.
Well, that's beautiful, Randall.
I really admire people like you.
You wanna go to a movie sometime?
Um...
A part of me would love to,
but I have a fiancé.
I should go meet him.
Hey, can't he wait, this fiancé of yours?
No, he gets cranky if I'm late.
You know, maybe I'm mistaken...
...but I think you'd have a lot more fun
if you stayed here.
- Fun?
- Yeah.
You know,
we could have a great time together.
- What are you trying to say, exactly?
- That we...
We would have fun.
Wait a second. Would you hold on, now?
I sounded like an asshole, okay?
It came out wrong.
But I'm not an asshole.
- Just listen.
- You're rude.
What could you have to say
that I would wanna hear?
I just...
Are you gonna make
another inappropriate pass at me?
Not a pass. I just wish that...
...in some crazy,
long-shot version of this universe...
...that you would stay here with me...
...and not vanish from existence
from my life.
But, Randall, I have a boyfriend.
No, I respect that.
And I respectfully don't care.
I mean, shit, Jemma, don't you feel it?
Feel what?
Destiny.
RAY:
Principal Rhonda Barr.
My whole life, I had bad timing.
So he takes away money...
...but you still have to give him sex?
I like having sex with Ron.
It's not a trade.
Look at him.
As peaceful as a baby.
If he really lost this money...
...he'd be stabbing his heart with a knife.
RONNIE: Hey, what are you guys
talking about in there?
Nothing. Just making your lemonade.
At least Ray was honest.
You hated Ray, and now you're after Ron?
These problems aren't his fault.
Everybody in America
is having to cut back a bit.
If you choose to be blind, what can I do?
Mom, Doris smells.
Oh, Doris.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
RAY:
I got you. I got you beat.
[RAY YELLING]
[BOTH LAUGHING]
RAY:
Nice.
Last call for strawberries.
Oh, no thanks. All yours.
- Chocolate?
- Mm.
I love a man
who's got good taste in chocolate.
That's me. I'm a chocolate connoisseur.
Is it my imagination,
or are you perfect in every way?
Oh, no.
I'm flawed. Trust me.
- Like how?
- Well...
...sometimes when I take my shoes off...
...babe, you don't wanna go there.
- I don't. I don't wanna go there.
RAY: No, don't do it.
- I wanna go there.
I think I might
just fall in love with you.
What do you think?
That's so nice.
Hold on a sec.
[PHONE RINGING]
- Yeah?
- When Jemma says...
...she might just fall in love with you,
you say, "I love you too."
Are you fucking kidding me?
We don't have time to dissect this.
Do you wanna get your kids that car?
JEMMA: Hi.
- Hi.
You know...
...when you said...
...you might just...
- Fall in love with you?
- Right.
Well...
...l'm...
I'm loving you too.
- Do you?
- Yeah.
I love you.
- I love you.
- Do you?
I said I love you. I really mean it.
I love you.
Then why don't I believe you?
Jemma, please. Excuse me, but this is...
This is crazy.
Why is it so hard for you
to say, "I love you"?
Why do you want me to say it so bad?
Look, I just can't help but wonder...
...why you'd wanna ruin
such a perfectly beautiful moment...
...on a perfectly beautiful beach
with all this fucked-up, artificial shit.
I mean, what am I,
a goddamn dancing monkey here?
Okay, that didn't go so well.
You want a do-over?
Will she come out of the coma?
She could. It's hard to say.
We can put Doris on liquids,
or we can let nature take its course.
There's no wrong decision.
What do you think? What should we do?
We don't wanna see her
with all those drugs and tubes, do we?
No, we don't.
She lived a good life, and she was loved.
But, Ron...
...l'm really starting to bond
with the kids...
...and I really,
really think it's because of Doris.
Puppies are born, old dogs die.
It's all part of growing up.
Ron, I need this.
We're gonna do the right thing, Jess.
Okay. Okay.
Let's put her down.
The Greeks give us the height
of art and philosophy.
The Romans establish modern law
and government.
And then, somehow,
all that enviable accomplishment...
...is destroyed in such a short amount...
Hang on just a second, all right?
What are you doing here?
Would you not be so paranoid?
I used to teach these kids poetry. Here.
I finally got ahold of her. She paid in full.
- She paid me?
- Yeah, she didn't wanna stiff you.
Bummer, right? She would have made
a great repeat customer.
You think I should call her?
Don't. I think
this woman is impossible to please.
See, it's that "I love you" stuff.
[CLASS BELL RINGING]
I didn't see it coming.
See? She threw me off my game.
It's over. Don't worry,
we'll get you somebody else.
Here it is. I was listening to it last night
when I was falling asleep.
I really think this is gonna help me
with my leadership skills.
Yeah, it's the best, all right.
- Thank you for lending it to me.
- No problem.
Oh, hey, do you also have my handout
around somewhere?
Handout?
Oh, you mean the list
of inspirational quotations?
- I thought you wanted me to keep that.
- I did. But I thought I'd get it back.
- Okay.
- If possible.
Maybe...
Floyd, is everything okay?
I'm perfectly fine.
Do you wanna sit down?
I could make us some tea.
I'll sit for a moment.
No, thank you, on the tea.
All right,
what you might be sensing, Tanya...
...is I think it might be time
for us to have the talk.
What talk?
The one about expectations.
I don't want you to get your hopes up
just to see them dashed.
I'm not looking for anything serious.
I'm a bachelor.
Now, we can be friends, sure,
but I cannot muddy the water.
I never asked you to muddy the water.
All right, I do not like drama.
I feel it's best
to clearly state my intention.
I only went on a date with you
to be nice.
It was my New Year's resolution.
- I'm just not attracted to you, Tanya.
- Do you think I was attracted to you?
- I'm sorry.
- My God, you're 100 years old.
Tanya, I didn't say
you were an ugly woman.
- You're just not my type. I can't help that.
- Fuck you!
I'd be happy to continue to counsel you.
- Get out! Fuck you!
- This is not productive.
TANYA: Oh, my God,
a creepy motivational speaker.
Fuck you.
Honey...
...we did the best thing.
And we did a brave thing.
And the least expensive thing.
Honey, we all loved Doris.
I'm not in the mood.
Why not?
I don't know, Ron.
Maybe it's the economy.
WOMAN: Hello?
- Hello, Mom.
Are you in the hospital?
No, Mom, I'm just feeling a little lonely.
Sweetheart, don't call me so late
if you're not in the hospital.
It's 8:30.
I'm no good after 7. Is it an emergency?
RAY [ON RECORDING]: This is Ray.
I lost my old phone in the fire...
...so make sure and leave your number.
Ray? Where are you?
JEMMA:
So why should I let you in?
You probably shouldn't.
Tanya says you're impossible to please.
She didn't even know I called you.
Well, if you think I'm just some
kind of weirdo, then why did you?
The money.
- Oh.
- Hey, I'm just being honest.
You'll probably just
end up all unhappy again.
That's supposed to inspire me?
But maybe you won't.
Look, before you, I was batting 1000.
You're my first out.
It's my job to make you happy.
That's why they call me
a happiness consultant.
And I think I could make you happy.
What do you say?